README.md, before:

# WeightTracker [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alexpotter1/WeightTracker.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/alexpotter1/WeightTracker)
## Latest version: 0.5-wip
I present the **work-in progress** state of Weight Tracker for Mac.

### What is it?
Weight Tracker is a simple application that is able to track and predict a user's weight over a period of time, leading to an eventual goal. The program can display the progress via a graph.

The user can decide to input their weight in either pounds (lbs), kilograms (kg) or stones & pounds (st lb).

### Cool, where can I download it?
Well...there are no releases at the moment, because it isn't finished yet.

This Git project is structured in the format that I need for this to be able to be submitted as a coursework project, so documentation exists alongside application code.

The application is written in Swift and is designed to work with Mac OS X Mavericks and later.

### What about forking this project?
Lots of Apple proprietary code is licensed under the Apache License 2.0. So is this app.

For the Macintosh platform, it is free to develop an application that is distributed outside of the App Store. So, you could download Xcode and improve this app, if you wanted to!

You can of course fork this project, as per GitHub's Terms of Service, but be careful to honour the Apache 2.0 License, and any subsequent copyright notices.

The Apache License is located in the LICENSE folder at the root of this repository.

Copyright © Apple 2015 Copyright © Alex Potter 2015

Commit message:

README: Update to reflect Core Plot license
Core Plot requires its license to be displayed if it is used in a project,
and I am technically hosting their source code on my github so I'm providing their
license.

README.md, after:

# WeightTracker [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alexpotter1/WeightTracker.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/alexpotter1/WeightTracker)
## Latest version: 0.5-wip
I present the **work-in progress** state of Weight Tracker for Mac.

### What is it?
Weight Tracker is a simple application that is able to track and predict a user's weight over a period of time, leading to an eventual goal. The program can display the progress via a graph.

The user can decide to input their weight in either pounds (lbs), kilograms (kg) or stones & pounds (st lb).

### Cool, where can I download it?
Well...there are no releases at the moment, because it isn't finished yet.

This Git project is structured in the format that I need for this to be able to be submitted as a coursework project, so documentation exists alongside application code.

The application is written in Swift and is designed to work with Mac OS X Mavericks and later.

### What about forking this project?
Lots of Apple proprietary code is licensed under the Apache License 2.0. So is this app.

For the Macintosh platform, it is free to develop an application that is distributed outside of the App Store. So, you could download Xcode and improve this app, if you wanted to!

You can of course fork this project, as per GitHub's Terms of Service, but be careful to honour the Apache 2.0 License, and any subsequent copyright notices.

The Apache License is located in the LICENSE folder at the root of this repository.

#### Core Plot license notice
The external library 'Core Plot' is used in this project, so credit is given where applicable.
https://github.com/core-plot/core-plot
> Copyright (c) 2015, Drew McCormack, Brad Larson, Eric Skroch, Barry Wark, Dirkjan Krijnders, Rick Maddy, Vijay Kalusani, Caleb Cannon, Jeff Buck, Thomas Elstner, Jeroen Leenarts, Craig Hockenberry, Hartwig Wiesmann, Koen van der Drift, Nino Ag, Mike Lischke, Trevor Harmon, Travis Fischer, Graham Mueller, Rafał Wójcik, Mike Rossetti, Michael Merickel, Lane Roathe, Ingmar Stein, Sean Holbert, Victor Martin Garcia, Jérôme Morissard, and Demitri Muna.
All rights reserved.

>Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

>Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
Neither the name of the Core Plot Project nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
