## Problem Definition#### BackgroundThere is a market for health and fitness apps for both mobile and desktop use. Many applications allow for calorie counting when eating and exercising, some connect to external wristbands to allow for detailed analysis of a diet/fitness regime, and some allow people to just record their weight over time. Whilst I don’t fully understand the problem, I respect that many people do go on diets and that it is important for people to know how much weight they are losing, or gaining.#### Client*The following information wasn't given explicitly in a questionnaire, but I spoke with the client for an extended period of time about what he would want the application to achieve.*The client requires an application that will allow him to track weight loss over a period of time. The client is a family member, and the deployment system for the application is Mac OS (desktop operating system). He is competent with computers, as his main job is a web designer, so he shouldn't have a problem navigating through my app, as long as it is designed well.The client has tried applications previously that perform a similar task, but the main problem that the client expressed to me with these applications is that they do not record the weight in stones and pounds, just kilograms or pounds. Therefore, the client wants an application that can record the weight lost over a period of time in all three units, with preference to stones and pounds. Many of these applications do not have backing up/archiving facilities to iCloud/Dropbox/Google Drive, etc, so the client would also appreciate a facility that allows this.The client also expresses a want for the application to present the weight that is lost over the time period in a simple and visual format, such as a graph. In addition, the ability to predict weight loss over a period of time (as well as plotting this prediction on the graph) would be useful as well.In addition, an ability to facilitate multiple users would also be wanted so that the client could share the application with other people.The client did not express any problems with application design in regard to the other applications that they have tried – however, the client does want this application to be reasonably well designed, a thought-out, logical interface that allows access to all of the functions quickly and in a simple manner.